# Database
## Data Normalisation
- Eliminate redundancy 
## Semi Structured Data
- XML
## Data vs Information
- Data is raw facts (Building block of information)
- Information is a collection of data that gives a meaning
## DBMS
- Supports a lot of data
- Persistent Storage
- Efficient Convenient access
- Secure 
- Atomic (All or none)
- Eg: PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MySQL, etc. 
## Types of Databases
1. Centralised/Decentralised
2. Single/Multi user (Access/Psql)
3. Transactional/Data warehouse
# Digital Mass communication
- Textbook (Media and Culture by Richard Campbell)
- 16/11 Deadline for soft copy of researches
- 23/11 Midterm
- 30/11 Hard copy for research
- No practical :(
## Course work
- Research about digital media and society (pros and cons)
- 5 for deadline, 5 for references, 5 for structure
## Course topics
- The basic factors affecting mass communication
- Models and Theories of communication
- Media and Society
- Digital Marketing Trends
- Media law and ethics in cyber space
## Communication Models
1. Shannon & Weaver 
2. Laswell communication model
   - What?
   - Who?
   - Says what?
   - How?
   - To who?
   - With what effect?
3. Berlo 
   - Message -> most important part of communication process
4. Barnlund
   - Focuses on noise
   - Credibility 
   - Encode/Decode
   - Sending/Feedback
5. Schramm 
## Communication Theories
- Simply the transmission of information from 1st party to 2nd party
## Noise in communication
### Physical 
   - Environmental factors (Temperature etc)
### Physiological
- Physical weakness (Headaches)
### Psychological 
- Beliefs,Attraction emotions etc.
### Semantic
- Different meanings
- Slang
### Cultural 
## Computer Mediated Communication (CMC)
## Social media
## Digital Marketing Trends
## Media law and ethics
### Copyright
### Freedom of speech
### Trade secrets
# Database course project
1. [ ] Decide on interface framework 
 - [ ] Rust GUI
 - [ ] Qt (C++ frontend)
 - [ ] React (Javascript)
 - [ ] Java (AWT/FX)
 - [ ] Python(Django)
2. [ ] Look into distributed databases 

# To do
- [ ] Write DB project proposal
- [ ] Look into lecture of [[#Digital Mass communication]]
- [ ] Download textbook (Media and Culture)
- [ ] Find articles you used to read during orientation research